# Startup-Accelerator-Performance-Analysis

# Overview
This investigation analyzes the performance of a particular accelerator program in helping various energy startups gain traction on the market. This analysis, both quantitative and qualitative, takes into account a variety of different performance criteria when comparing startups that participated in the accelerator to ones that did not. The comparison is done over time windows that contain the periods when the startups would have been participating in the accelerator program, allowing for direct, side-by-side comparison. Two batches of startup cohorts were analyzed; they were the 2017 summer cohort and the 2018 summer cohort. From here, they were compared to startups that did not participate in the accelerator during these respective times. The single host program outlines this procedure in more detail.

# How to Use
Due to privacy concerns, this single-program analysis, FreeElectronsCode2.m, cannot be run on its own. The data is confidential so no live analysis can be carried out publicly; however, one can take a look at the code and see how all quantitative analysis is carried out in the single program, and how it formulates the quantitative data in a cohesive table. Qualitative data was analyzed separately in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet that is also confidential. For more information regarding the work done in Excel, feel free to reach out to me independently. Informtion regarding this process is also available in the in-code text descriptors near the top of the code file.
